---
title: "Deployment of Analytics"
description: This course is all about getting to know the Feecc system and all of its components.
metaOptions: [Learn, Getting Used to Feecc]
defaultName: Getting Used to Feecc
---

<RoboAcademyText fWeight="500">
In this lesson, you will learn how to deploy the components of Feecc Analytics.
</RoboAcademyText>

## Launching Analytics Backend

1. Clone the repository:

<LessonCodeWrapper language="bash" noLines>
git clone https://github.com/Multi-Agent-io/feecc-analytics-backend.git
</LessonCodeWrapper>

2. Configure the backend service for your needs using the `.env` file:
    - `MONGO_CONNECTION_URL` — your connection URI to MongoDB;
    - `MONGO_DATABASE_NAME` — a database name of MongoDB;
    - `SECRET_KEY` — secret key for hashing and dehashing;
    - `IPFS_GATEWAY_HOST` — URL of IPFS Gateway;
    - `USE_DATALOG` — sending analytics data to Robonomics (`true` or `false`);
    - `ROBONOMICS_SEED` — seed-phrase for Robonomics account.

3. Launch the backend container:

<LessonCodeWrapper language="bash" noLines>
sudo docker-compose up -d --build
</LessonCodeWrapper>

4. Check its functionality. Go to the browser and open the `http://localhost:5002/docs` page. If done correctly, you will see a page (generated by Swagger) with all Feecc Analytics REST API endpoints. Now you are ready to launch the frontend.

## Launching Analytics Frontend

1. Clone the repository:

<LessonCodeWrapper language="bash" noLines>
git clone https://github.com/Multi-Agent-io/feecc-analytics-frontend.git
</LessonCodeWrapper>

2. Go to `src` and configure the frontend service for your needs using the `config.json` file. Be sure to enter the URL of Feecc Analytics Backend in the `base_url` parameter (in the form of `xx.xx.xx.xx:port`).

3. Launch the frontend container:

<LessonCodeWrapper language="bash" noLines>
sudo docker-compose up -d --build
</LessonCodeWrapper>

4. Check its functionality. Go to the browser and open the `http://localhost:8081/docs` page.

<RoboAcademyText fWeight="500">
On this, acquaintance with the Feecc system can be considered complete. If you have any additional questions, you can contact the developers at Multi-Agent Systems (multi-agent.io) or leave an issue on their GitHub (github.com/Multi-Agent-io).
</RoboAcademyText>